I'm going to kill him
This son
You calm down
Ye and Wan Yue have no selfishness
He's just giving Mother Yan needles
No selfishness, you call it so
It's just a name I heard from the son
If I were willing to
The oath this young man broke
My mother Ye is willing to promise you
One pair for life
Never be negative
Enough is enough
Stop me
You must come back with me today
Shen Guoheng
What do you think I am?
From the moment you left with Miss Lin
We can't
He and I are just classmates.
And you? You're wearing a wedding dress and you're in the same room with him.
Have you worshiped him?
So what?
I think he is more different than you.
People are much better
I must take you away today
Why are you going to tie me back?